c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll.config
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.pdb
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.pdb
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\philip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll.config
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.pdb
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.dll
C:\Users\Philip\Documents\GitHub\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.pdb
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll.config
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Angular4DotNet.pdb
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.dll
F:\Demos\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\Angular4DotNet\obj\Debug\Angular4DotNet.pdb
